build: accept branch and subdirectory when context is `git` repo (#3990)
containers/buildah: docs/buildah-build.1.md

When the URL is a Containerfile, the file is downloaded to a temporary location.

> When a Git repository is set as the URL, the repository is cloned locally and then set as the context. Buildah supports switching context on the cloned git repository using syntax `myrepo.git#mybranch:subdir` or `myrepo.git#:subdir` to switch context to a sub directory on the default branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Git repository is set as the URL, the repository is cloned locally and then used as the build context.  A non-default branch and subdirectory of the cloned git repository can be used by including their names at the end of the URL in the form `myrepo.git#mybranch:subdir`, or `myrepo.git#:subdir` if the subdirectory should be used from the default branch.
```
